Small edits on pub/sub tutorial (#401)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Writing-A-Simple-Cpp-Publisher-And-Subscriber.rst

    class MinimalPublisher : public rclcpp::Node

The public constructor names the node ``minimal_publisher`` and initializes ``count_`` to 0.

> Inside the braces of the constructor, the publisher is initialized with the ``String`` message type, the topic name ``topic``, and the required queue size to limit messages in the event of a backup.

Reviewer: Honestly, I think we can get away without being so explicit here.  I'm thinking:

```suggestion
Inside the constructor, the publisher is initialized with the ``String`` message type, the topic name ``topic``, and the required queue size to limit messages in the event of a backup.
```

> Next, ``timer_`` is initialized, which binds the ``timer_callback`` function to the node to be executed twice a second.

Reviewer: I still think this is confusing.  How about:

```suggestion
Next, ``timer_`` is initialized, which causes the ``timer_callback`` function to be executed twice a second.
```

Last is the declaration of the timer, publisher, and counter fields.

.. code-block:: C++

    rclcpp::TimerBase::SharedPtr timer_;
    rclcpp::Publisher<std_msgs::msg::String>::SharedPtr publisher_;
    size_t count_;

Following the ``MinimalPublisher`` class is ``main``, where the node actually executes.

> ``rclcpp::init`` initializes ROS 2, and ``rclcpp::spin`` causes the timer to activate, which causes the callback function to start publishing.

Reviewer: To be clear, calling `spin` doesn't only cause the timer to be activated.  It basically causes any processing to start happening, including topic callbacks on subscriptions and service calls.  Maybe something like:

```suggestion
``rclcpp::init`` initializes ROS 2, and ``rclcpp::spin`` starts processing data from the node, including callbacks from the timer.
```
